Enter the camera first to learn prestige
One Sword Haotian pretended to be a disciple of Kongjian Sect
Welcome to Haotian Ancestor
Situ Haotian
You are finally here.
Old Ancestor, this woman mutilated my four disciples
Murder the four elders
Trying to turn against the fifth disciple
Please ask the ancestors to kill this trick immediately
Really?
Worship my four elders alone
Look at how powerful this is
But
Why do you want to cripple my original will to operate?
Put my Sword Sect Sect Sect Master in the village again
You mutilated that female disciple of the Sword Sect
Is this what a Sword Sect Master should do?
Don't be crazy
In front of you is Old Ancestor Haotian
My Qingyun Sword Sect is an orthodox and famous school in the immortal world.
You don't want to spill blood
Orthodox and famous
Which way is decent to use female disciples as a supplement
Which way is orthodox to torture fellow disciples?
Open your eyes and take a good look
What is this Situ Haotian?
Hahahaha